(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now it's time for the next challenge.
You get lots of opportunity here to learn.
So take advantage and push yourself.
Here's the basic requirements for this challenge exercise.
First and foremost, you pick,
you can either do REST or GraphQL.
I want you to implement the room-type filter
on all rooms called,
and that room-type filter was what we did
with the batch before, where we passed in a property.
This time, I want you to pass a filter
into the all rooms call so that you only get those rooms
that match the bed info that's passed in.
I also would like you to allow for additional rooms
through the service, so creating a new room.
And, finally, I want you to be able to select just one room,
and that will be based on the room number.
And that's all there is to it.
You get to do the rest.